# Liquidity Bootstrap

Hadouken offers users the ability to deploy their own pools using Liquidity Bootstrapping Pools (LBPs), which use Balancer [Smart Pools](https://balancer.gitbook.io/balancer/smart-contracts/smart-pools) to allow controllers of the pool to change that pool's parameters in controlled ways. This makes it less trustless than a shared pool, but doesn't require the complete trust of a private pool. It allows token launchers to launch a token with low capital requirements by setting up a two-token pool with a project and a collateral token. The weights are initially set heavily in favor of the project token, but eventually flip to favor the collateral token by the end of the sale. These types of pools also include optional features such as pausing swapping, which might be invoked to control the velocity of price changes shortly after launch.

Other optional features of LBPs that can be used to prevent undesirable side effects such as front-running include adding a high initial swap fee, and dropping it immediately thereafter. This way users that really want the token will still purchase early on (while paying the tax) but still get in at a better price than if front-runners were in play. LBP deployers can announce this fee change in advance. The possibilities go on and on. Ideally, at the "end of the sale" there should be a small balance of the project token and a large balance of the collateral token (e.g. USDC or USDT) in the pool. The pool deployer can then call _removeToken_ and "buy out" the other LPs.
