# Cross-Product Capital Efficiency

The reason for the marriage of Hadouken Swap and Hadouken Lend boils down to capital efficiencies. With most other DEXes, the rewards for providing liquidity to various pools are limited to trading fees and emissions. The vast majority of farms simply result in high, short-term token emissions, followed by a quick token dump by "mercenary" LPs who go wherever the easy money is, and leave just as quickly as they joined. Or, even worse, after the platform raises capital from an ICO/IDO, users sell their tokens for a quick profit, the platform developer enjoys their quick pay day, and the platform dies a slow death. Hadouken doesn't do any of this.

Having both Hadouken Swap and Hadouken Lend creates tremendous capital efficiency through the use of Hadouken Boosted Pools, similar to Balancer Boosted Pools. When you provide liquidity on Hadouken Swap, your tokens are automatically added to the relevant pools on Hadouken Lend, resulting in amplified rewards for token holders. Rather than letting your capital sit idle, you essentially double dip on rewards using Hadouken. First, by providing liquidity you are eligible for fees generated by traders on the platform. Next, you are eligible for lending rewards through Hadouken Lend. But that's not all. In the future, they may be other methods for generating field. Unlike other protocols that pump out high token emissions to attract LPs - who consistently leave after a short period of time - Hadouken takes advantage of capital efficiencies to generate attractive yet sustainable rewards for users. In fact, the average liquidity pool sees more than half of "mercenary" LPs leave within 24 hours and 70% within three days.
